who hated them
they are the same as the young ones who are looking for a new one
professional challenge is
There are numerous offers in newspapers on the Internet
but
does not keep everything what it promises
Not everything is as it seems
they are looking for a varied task with a high degree of freedom and freedom
self-determination
Are you looking for a company with very good professional skills
development opportunities
they believe that such a thing does not exist
but that is what precedes Dino
Inova House who reads her dance general company intelligent new
Room concept to
The wonderful company has been in Austria for over 15 years in Germany
and active in Switzerland the Nova House builds of one- and two-family houses
over double and terraced houses to bungalows and villas
according to the wishes and requirements of their customers
the motto is free planable architect houses for a fair price
the various room concepts the extensive service and the
Outstanding quality making Nova Haus one of the leading providers
individually built solid houses
the Nova house belongs according to the economic initiative Top 100 to the 100
most innovative companies in the German middle class
That sounds very interesting
what will I expect from you Oberhaus?
working with them Overhaus is interesting and exciting
varied every customer consultant is an entrepreneur in the company and stands
angular in direct customer contact
The houses of Inova House will be built according to the wishes of the builders
planned and built
the customer advisor plays a crucial role here through initial contact
I as an entrepreneur in the company have the same requirements for that
product and service package folio baros we our customers too
this means for planable harvested houses
at least their price the whole course with high quality and
professional training
the whole service is offered from a single source yet it will
solely
but it was completely satisfied
In the initial conversation with the customer will be governed his wishes needs
and ideas spoken
through the detailed analysis Lanzmann the builder
He and his individual situation will know exactly during the consultation
work out the right solution for you with the customer
The topic of the plot is discussed in the same way as the possibilities
the financing
Upon customer request one of the many model houses with the customers is visited
and architectural design options and
individual equipment wishes on the real object discussed
usually the client decides after two to three conversations for cinema was
House as main partner
and thus for his dream house
In the next step, the architects are called in to do this
chosen and spoken outgoing detail plan
Advisor has a lot here
and degree of freedom and can largely do its job itself
shape
the focus is on the customer and his satisfaction
Mr. Schmidt marketing and sales director of Inova Haus has
clear ideas about his present and future employees
Dr employees should already have operating experience
ideally, already have first experiences
to find the areas of construction and real estate
For us it is important that the new companions a high commitment and
To bring a sense of responsibility
It is important that the future employees have the necessary mobility
With Brain Drain, our customers will be on site
Prices for Germany that Sky can be viewed from the outside
Dealing with our customers, we have a look to be worth
the employees we have to have a pronounced social
competence
both have flexibility
We are looking for very good among exceptional sales people
We have understood and destroyed with our demanding customers
are affected
We offer top quality products for a fair price
associated excellent one point possible
Cologne
we have a very high demand for our products and services
that is, all interested parties have found I would like to advise us
words to the new sales staff and a very interesting interesting
and needs
each individual has the opportunity to design his own area of ​​responsibility
build something big and work as an entrepreneur in the company
we have a
a very good working environment with one
put special value
and very good cooperation in the company in own children
but
we offer our employees a degree of freedom and actually
can
In return, of course, we do not expect a big jump
To debit the account
every employee in the network individual demanded but out
Today's employees have for different reasons only
decided ahead
After every employee Severino was challenged and demanded by the
To increase efficiency and quality of employees sits in
Oberhausen on consistent education and training
The employees will be in their internal and external training courses
be prepared for complex tasks and thus be able to develop in a targeted way
the exchange among the colleagues is very much in addition to the training on the job
important to helpful tips and valuable findings from the
Exchange work routine
The good working atmosphere is actively contributing to this
Beyond that the employees of different tools and
Aid given to their task for their high quality reason
Satisfy customers
They opt for the Nova house for three reasons
The Nova House offers a very good working environment with the special many
feelings
The Nova offers an exciting and dynamic environment
Freedom as an entrepreneur in the company
The Nova Haus offers top products with excellent development opportunities
for a successful future career
we were able to convince them
if so contact us we look forward to hearing from you